Update lazer mod articles to new score multipliers (#15133)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Double_Time_(lazer)/en.md

Changing the `Speed increase` setting causes your scores to be **unranked**, while enabling `Adjust pitch` produces rankable scores.

## Scoring

### ![][osu!] osu!

In osu!, Double Time has a score multiplier which depends on the selected `Speed increase` and is calculated as follows:

> The `Speed increase` is rounded *down* to one decimal place (e.g. 1.57x becomes 1.50x), let's call this value the `rate`. The score multiplier is then given by `1 + 0.46 * (rate - 1)` if `rate` is 1.00x or 1.50x and `1 + 0.46 * (rate - 1) - 0.01` otherwise.[^multiplier-osu]

Reviewer: this needs simplification, suggestion:

```suggestion
In osu!, Double Time has a score multiplier which depends on the selected `Speed increase`. The multiplier is calculated as `1 + 0.46 * (rate - 1)`, where `rate` is the value of `Speed increase` rounded down to one decimal place. If `rate` is not equal to 1 or 1.5, the multiplier is further decreased by 0.01.[^multiplier-osu]
```

(that is, if I correctly parsed the formula, which is a bit odd -- why the 0.01 difference only for uncommon rates?)

Author: Thanks, that sounds better. https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/15133/changes/025fe3861d3df54d6b5919edb9e98f944f31a150

You parsed it correctly. According to the [news post](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2026-06-03-mod-multipliers-survey-results) "This penalty exists to encourage the use of DT's default rate, and to ensure that legacy DT scores still have a prominent spot on leaderboards."

### ![][osu!taiko] osu!taiko and ![][osu!catch] osu!catch

In osu!taiko and osu!catch, the score multiplier for Double Time is calculated quite similarly:

> The `Speed increase` is rounded *down* to one decimal place (e.g. 1.57x becomes 1.50x), let's call this value the `rate`. The score multiplier is then given by `1 + 0.2 * (rate - 1)`.[^multiplier-taiko][^multiplier-catch]

Reviewer: if you accept my previous suggrestion please use the same sentence structure here
